Docs: time series overall edit (#91220)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/shared/visualizations/multiple-y-axes.md

---
title: Multiple y-axes
---

# Multiple y-axes

> In some cases, you might want to display multiple y-axes. For example, if you have a dataset showing both temperature and humidity over time, you might want to show two y-axes with different units for these two series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, you might want to display multiple y-axes. For example, if you have a dataset showing both temperature and humidity over time, you might want to show two y-axes with different units for the two series.
```

> You can configure multiple y-axes and control where they're displayed in the visualization by adding field overrides. [This example of a dataset that includes temperature and humidity](../../configure-overrides/#example-2-format-temperature-and-humidity) describes how you could configure that. Follow the steps as many times as required to display as many y-axes as you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure multiple y-axes and control where they're displayed in the visualization by adding field overrides. [This example of a dataset that includes temperature and humidity](../../configure-overrides/#example-2-format-temperature-and-humidity) describes how you can configure that. Repeat the steps for every y-axis you wish to display.
```
